#Readme
#####Author: Lianrui Yang Feb 08, 2023   
#####CS 5600 Spring 2023 
#####Northeastern University, Boston, MA

###Procedure:
    This program can read a text message from file: 'text.txt' 
    After reading the whole text, this program can seperate each 
    sentence and use pthread to encode the sentence parallely. 
    Finally, the encoded sentences will be saved into 'output' dir.

###Files:
    text.txt: This file contains a text message from the Internet. You can also use any message you like.
              The message must contain at least 1 sentence ended with '.' or '?' or '!'. The last character
              in the file must be '.' or '?' or '!', or the program will return warning. The file cannot be empty
              or the program will return warning.


    polybius.c: This file contains how to the function of encode and decode. In this program, only encode part
                is applide.


    polybius.h: This is a header file for declaring functions in polybius.c.


    hw7.c: This is a c language file that cotains main function. This file is also about how to separate sentences
            , how to apply pthreads, and how to create output files.


    Makefile: This is the make file that help us compile the program.


    test: This is an executable file that will be generated by compiler. To run, use './test'.


    ./output: This is a directary that will be generated by 'test' file after running 'test'. This directary contains
              The encoded output of each sentence. For example, the encoded first sentence will be saved in 
              ./output/output0.txt. The encoded second sentence will be saved in ./output/output1.txt.

    
###To compile and to run:
    To compile, use 'make'

    To run, use './test'

    To change text, open 'text.txt' and change.

    To access result, use 'cd output'

    To clean, use 'make clean'. Note that the directary 'output' should be deleted manually.
